should work after busting hogs off the
same feeder twice in two days it was
time to move in with a new strategy
after rehearsal at Camp Robin and Korie
set up their ace at kwikki blind right
next to the feeder they wanted a super
close shot and the setup was complete
with a second camera outside the blind
all right we're gonna try something new
this evening when it gets a little later
that fear there we know the hogs have
been hitting it hard because we've seen
a morning every day that we've been here
every morning every evening and
hopefully the wind seems to be right if
everything works right we'll have two
camera views of at least one big hill if
not a couple
that's two logs down right there two for
one
Wow did you hear me well it's the next
morning after I shot the two pigs out of
the blind with one arrow and we came
back last night we just could not find
any blood so we just decided to wait
until morning we've already looked
around for some blood and we did finally
find the start of the blood trail we
were probably 10 yards off last night
well here they are both of them the
two-for-one shot both nice boars down
here in Central Florida it doesn't get
any better than this right here this is
one of the coolest things that I've ever
done hunting it was just fantastic the
way they came in the setup works good
they just lined up and I've told Corey
I'm gonna try two for one and it worked
out it ended up being just a perfect
shot on both of them it's getting really
hot you can see the Flies so we're gonna
hurt it and get these pigs out of here